well but believe me she is a fierce and
feisty competitor she knows it being on
the podium with World and Olympic
champion Katarina vit will really put
her on the map so to speak
internationally and you'll see her fight
for it beautiful mm so high
now watch the the length of this trip
gorgeous
and she really fights for that xxx
gorgeous death drop usually only the men
do that takes tremendous strength
triple loop jab double toe combination
she is really skating well here today
that's an interesting position in a way
they're usually the arms are held in
front and we'll a back position
Tanya's coached by the beautiful Diane
shots Rawlinson who is one of the stars
of the Ice Capades a few years ago look
at this wonderful steep edge on the
pivot that takes great commitment and
courage and it's so easy for that to
slip out
this calls and pina bausch moves named
after a famous german skater who did it
so beautifully very high SS and subtle
total combinations
triple salchow double termination
and another high SS this girl has so
much strength and energy she's got to be
one of the best jumpers in America today
triple slick job right at the end of her
number
a wonderful variation on that spin and
the lay back and another back sit
wonderfully interpreting the you
what a performance by America's Tonya
Harding and she really gives it
everything she's got doesn't she feel
boys are impressive
five six thousand five sevens all the
way across the board Jojo it is enough
Tonya Harding has won the bronze medal
here in cushy row of the gold over
Japan's Midori Ito and Tonya Harding
reported first out onto the ice here at
the Oratory ice rink